♪♪
>> I LIKE HIM VERY MUCH AS A
PERSON BUT SOMETIMES EVEN GOOD
PEOPLE DO THINGS THEY SHOULDN'T
DO.
I HAVE READ THE REPORT.
I'M NOT THE JUDGE IN THE CASE.
I'M TO THE THE DISCIPLINE,
DECISION-MAKER IN THE CASE.
I THINK IT IS ACCOUNTABILITY
MECHANISMS WORKING AND THEY
SHOULD WORK BECAUSE IT IS NOT
ACCEPTABLE IN THE FBI OR THE
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT FOR PEOPLE TO
LACK CANDOR.
SOMETHING WE TAKE REALLY
SERIOUSLY?
BRIAN: REALLY?
FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR, FORMER
SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE
NEWT GINGRICH WAS WATCHING WITH
ALL OF US AS HE TALKED TO JAKE
TAPPER.
SOMETIMES GOOD PEOPLE LIVE.
>> WATCH HIS FACE.
TURN OFF THE SOUND, WATCH HIS
FACE.
STEVE: MARK, CAN YOU RERACK THAT
CLIP, WE'LL GO AHEAD AND WATCH
HIS FACE.
NEWT, TELL US WHAT WE'RE LOOKING
AT.
>> YOU'RE LOOKING AT A GUY WHO
AROUND THE 7th GRADE
PRACTICED SINCERITY.
I DIDN'T REALLY MEAN TO HIT THE
CAR.
I DON'T KNOW HOW THE BASEBALL
GOT OUT OF MY HANDS.
AINSLEY: YEAH.
>> I THINK MY COUSIN MUST HAVE
DONE IT.
BECAUSE I COULDN'T HAVE DONE IT.
THIS PAINED, I HATE THROWING
McCABE UNDER THE BUS.
STEVE: YOU'RE SAYING HE IS
ACTING?
>> I'M SAYING HE TAUGHT HIMSELF
A EARLY AGE A SERIES OF
SELF-SERVING EMOTIONS, HE USES
OVER.
WATCH HIM FOR A COUPLE OF HOURS
OF THIS STUFF, HE USES IT OVER
AND OVER AND OVER.
THIS IS ALMOST A PATHOLOGICAL
LIAR.
STEVE: BUT HE SAID RIGHT THERE,
IT SOUNDS AS IF HE AGREES WITH
THE INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE, ANDY
McCABE BROKE ALL THE RULES AND
THAT IS WHY THERE IS CRIMINAL
REFERRAL.
>> THAT SHOULD BE A GREAT SHOCK
BECAUSE ALMOST EVERY AUTHORITY
FIGURE HE IS DISAPPOINTED.
BRIAN: PETER STRZOK HE IS A
DISAPPOINTED.
LISA PAGE HE DIDN'T KNOW WHAT
HAPPENED.
>> ATTORNEY GENERAL LYNCH,
DISAPPOINTED.
GO DOWN TO THE LIST.
HE IS DISAPPOINTED IN TRUMP.
BRIAN: TO FINISH THIS POINT,
ANDY McCABE'S LAWYER CAME OUT
AND SAID HE TOLD JAMES COMEY
MULTIPLE TIMES --
>> THESE TWO GUYS WILL BE IN
CRIMINAL COURT AS WITNESSES
AGAINST EACH OTHER.
AINSLEY: WHO BROKE THE LAW?
WHO DO YOU THINK?
>> BOTH OF THEM.
I JUST DID A PIECE FOR
"THE HILL" YESTERDAY POINTING
OUT THE TOP TWO PEOPLE AT THE
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION
ARE BOTH PEOPLE WHO BROKE THE
LAW.
THAT'S -- THINK ABOUT IT.
THIS IS OUR MOST IMPORTANT LAW
ENFORCEMENT AGENCY.
THAT IS UNBELIEVABLY DANGEROUS.
BY THE WAY, THEY ARE BREAKING
THE LAW -- COMEY IS LYING TO
LYNCH.
YOU KNOW.
I THINK FOR ALL PRACTICAL
PURPOSES HE WAS LYING TO
ROSENSTEIN.
BRIAN: WHAT DO YOU MEAN LYING TO
LYNCH?
WHAT HE SAID ABOUT THE MATTER
AND INVESTIGATION OR LYNCH IS
LYING ABOUT HER REVISIONIST?
ONE OF THEM IS NOT TELLING THE
TRUTH.
>> IF I HAD TO CHOOSE GIVEN THE
CURRENT TRACK RECORD I WOULD BET
WITH LYNCH.
BUT IF YOU LOOK AT IT, I URGE
EVERYBODY TO JUST GO GOOGLE REST
SEND STEEN'S REPORT ON COMEY --
ROSENSTEIN'S REPORT ON COMEY.
THIS IS ONE OF TRUMP'S ORIGINAL
MISTAKES.
TRUMP SHOULD HAVE DONE NOTHING
FOR THREE DAYS.
SHOULD HAVE GOTTEN THE REPORT
AND RELEASED IT.
LET THE SUNDAY TALK SHOWS DEAL
WITH THE REPORT.
ROSENSTEIN'S REPORT ENDS WE'LL
NEVER BE ABLE TO FIX THE FBI AS
LONG AS COMEY IS HERE.
NOW AT THAT POINT, WHAT DO YOU
THINK THE PRESIDENT OF THE
UNITED STATES OUGHT TO DO?
THEN THE IG REPORT WHICH I ALSO
RECOMMEND PEOPLE READ, BUT IT IS
LONGER, THE END IG SAID THIS GUY
LIED UNDER OATH.
HE LIED WHEN HE WASN'T UNDER
OATH.
LYING UNDER OATH IS A FELONY.
BRIAN: THEY WOULD HAVE FOUND OUT
IF HILLARY CLINTON WON?
>> WOULD WE BE KNOW NOTHING.
IF HILLARY CLINTON HAD WON, WE
WOULD KNOW NOTHING ABOUT THE
DEPTH OF CORRUPTION AT THE TOP.
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT.
WHAT IS HAPPENING WITH POMPEO?
HE WAS GOOD ENOUGH TO BE THE CIA
DIRECTOR.
NOT GOOD ENOUGH TO BE THE
SECRETARY OF STATE?
>> I THINK THE PRESIDENT SHOULD
START GOING INTO EVERY STATE
WITH A DEMOCRATIC SENATOR AND
LEAD A PATRIOTIC PRO-AMERICAN
RALLY.
THAT SAYS WHAT THE DEMOCRATS ARE
DOING IN THE SENATE IS
DESTRUCTIVE OF THE UNITED
STATES.
TO PUT, YOU LOOK AT THE TOTAL
NUMBER OF PEOPLE THEY HAVE
BOTTLED UP, AMBASSADORS, VARIOUS
APPOINTMENTS, THE DEGREE THE
PRESIDENT IS RUNNING THE
GOVERNMENT WITH 1/3 OF PEOPLE HE
OUGHT TO HAVE.
LOOK WHAT THEY'RE DOING WITH
POMPEO.
FIRST IN HIS CLASS AT WEST
POINT.
FIRST IN HIS CLASS AT HARVARD.
BRILLIANT GUY.
HILLARY CLINTON GETS THROUGH.
REPUBLICANS ARE NOT PARTISAN.
WINS WITH OVERWHELMING VOTE.
STEVE: TWO VOTED NO.
>> JOHN KERRY GETS THROUGH.
>> THREE VOTED NO.
AINSLEY: WITH SYRIA,
NORTH KOREA, CHINA.
>> SOMEBODY HAS TO SAY TO CHUCK
SCHUMER TODAY PUTS THE
DEMOCRATIC PARTY POSITIVE THE
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND HIS
COLLEAGUES --
BRIAN: WHERE IS
MITCH McCONNELL ON THIS?
MITCH McCONNELL HAS TO BE
OUTRAGED.
HE COULD GET A CAMERA WHEREVER
HE WANTED.
WHY DOES THE PRESIDENT ALWAYS
HAVE TO DO THIS?
HE IS THE MAJORITY LEADER?
>> McCONNELL DOESN'T HAVE
NEARLY THE CAPACITY IN THE MEDIA
THAT DONALD J. TRUMP HAS.
BRIAN: COULD USE SOME HELP.
>> ONE THING McCONNELL OUGHT
TO DO, WE'RE NOT GOING HOME
UNTIL EVERY SINGLE NOMINEE,
LITERALLY SEVEN DAYS A WEEKS, AS
MANY DAYS A WEEK.
IF McCONNELL SAID THAT, IT
WOULD LAST TWO WEEKS.
BY END OF THE SECOND WEEK,
DEMOCRATS WOULD BE SAYING TO
SCHUMER, I CAN'T STAY HERE.
BRIAN: THEY WORK THREE DAYS A
WEEK.
>> THEY SHOULD STAY SEVEN IS
DAYS A WEEK UNTIL EVERY SINGLE
NOMINEE IS APPROVED.
STEVE: TAKES 30 HOURS OF DEBATE.
NOT LIKE THEY'RE DOING IT.
>> PRESIDENT IS FOCUSED ON THIS.
THIS IS ABSOLUTE OUTRAGE
DEMOCRATS IN THE SENATE PUT
PARTISAN ADVANTAGE ABOVE THE
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
WE OUGHT TO CALL THEM ON IT.
POMPEO, POMPEO WILL GET
APPROVED.
BRIAN: HEIDI HEITKAMP, DEMOCRAT
SAYS I WILL VOTE FOR HIM.
>> YOU KNOW HOW IT WORKS YOUR